# ncosmany.github.io
Project website for Professional Development Course  

Summary: Nicole is a current post-bacc student at CU Boulder pursing an Applied Computer Science. Her previous work experience is in ecological field research. Nicole hopes to combine her previous research experience with her development technical skills to pursue a career as a data scientist. 

**Week 1**
My goal for this week was to orient myself with the course expectations and to start defining my goals for the semester. I watched the intro video and posted an intro comment on Piazza. I also had a meeting with career services to think about getting ready for the job search. The advisor also pointed me to some useful resources like O.net and the CU alumni contact page. I did some career exploration via O.net and I'd like to set up some informational interviews with alumni to learn more about potential career paths. I am currently waiting for my account to be authorized. Hopefully that happens soon and next week I can reach out to some folks on the network and set up a few interviews. In the meantime, I looked into some job descriptions for positions I am interested in - mostly entry level data science or data analyst roles. I wrote down a list of some technical requirements that I am unfamiliar with so I will need to look more into those. These could be a good starting point for a larger semester project. Currently my goals for next week are 1) to set up a "master resume" with extensive detail so that I can pull sections from it as I apply to different jobs in the coming months and 2) identify coding project ideas. 

